They will come back.
Hey there's much more to cover.
How do you find people that do shout outs with.
All right.
So before you're like OK this new worlds opened my eyes to see the fact that everybody seems to be pushing
other people just deleting them and that's how they just wrote rapidly apparently.
That is actually the case and sometimes you can feel it is that of an underground world.
So I'm going to try to break down the process of finding people to work with.
And you can do it a little bit more in-depth follow along sections.
But I'll give you two bowls really.
All you need right now.
So the first thing you want to do is go to that list that we should look like this.
You forgot.
Looks like you make this kind of wish you made it.
And so what I want to do here is now I want to go through this list and establish who here would suit
me and to who is available to do shout outs.
So what I do is just call.
So just if always call and then I insert call them right here and one right there.
OK.
So I will call this one shows cost runs and I just put a yes or X..
If they do do that.
Now what I want to do is just go through these accounts and let's just establish whether or not they
do.
It's a very tedious manual process but this is the way you do it.
And what I think you should do is just grab one that you think might be a good option.
Also check out their profile.
Now we are looking for three things.
There are three things you will see.
Number one you will see in there by helping you address the Qik addresses that they a a out or some
other way of contacting them you might say give me for business inquiries any time they e-mail address.
That means that they 99000 the time do shout outs because why else would you list that there.
OK so that's the first thing we look for in the future.
Just they don't have that one.
The next thing we look for is whether or not they're posting photos that have attacked captions in them
they attack someone else.
So let's see what he just dig around in a couple.
OK.
No look like that one is look like that was the most recent one.
I mean that was OK.
So that's a failure.
Now it is we want to see if they have posts that clearly look like they're from someone else.
They can tell they have the same font and they have the same kind of logo here the top.
So why scrolling we can see whether or not we see that scene did not match the general trend.
So it looks on an different as you remember.
Right.
See.
OK so this one fails on pretty much all three jacks so it's a pretty good guess that they don't.
Now it doesn't absolutely mean that they don't do it just means that if they do they need to very quickly
see that.
So we move onto the next one.
Let's go to.
Awesome inventions.
OK.
Now pretty much right off the bat we see hey they actually have an e-mail address.
That they claims for giving them cool inventions.
All.
Let's be real they probably do shout outs as well.
So usually a little more obvious say like Diom for business inquiries but this is pretty I generally
say yes.
OK.
Now let's see if we can see if they tag other people.
So here now here no here.
You could even have a cash option isn't it.
Now see here no know OK well now let's just see if they're posting things from other people.
So we just have a look at our list.
They kind of have the same style going on here with similar ish style.
So we might want to pick one that just seems like it's out the door.
So this is awesome mentions.
OK.
And here we go actually.
So they do do shout outs or at least their opposing counsel see or hear they actually tap someone else.
AK Flack's warm OK.
Which is probably either the company or who knows.
But then they said by this company.
OK.
So you know I'll say it again golf ball or so they might just be crediting other people or winking to
the companies themselves.
But again it's generally a good sign.
So we would say yes to one of these.
We go back.
Awesome bench.
I'm just going to call it wife or yes because I'm pretty sure does it really hurt to reach out to them.
Worst case as you know.
OK so long on science purely ranks right up the back check.
Number one do they have e-mail address.
This is where it is right there you go OK it pretty much does.
So that's a yes we really need to check the rest of them because that's just me.
Yes absolutely.
OK great.
So I could go to sites purely
and mark them.
Yes.
OK.
Now another one.
Actually one of them violent ones.
So if you go to technology $422 in this town knows you know that these top three posts don't look like
they had anything to do with technology.
What is a girl losing weight.
One is someone on the longboard and one is just some guy.
Chapter one for business inquiries.
There you go.
They are automatic one if they want to do more check to see if they're tagging other people.
Yes indeed they are.
I'm so proud of my friend and the wall of your shoes everybody.
OK whatever went on this person knows them I seriously doubt it but that is probably someone who paid
for access.
Absolutely.
You have that you'll notice in the next one will also travel groundbreaker.
This is a repo's from a company called Travel ground.
So there are a bunch of these down here.
They have the actual video.
Wow.
So I just click that and then went to a blank page that was actually there was a shout out to me.
I said as I was watching you guys see this happen sometimes these are how you deleted the second one
that we saw as well.
Those were shout outs.
OK.
The rest of these are just popular post that oh actually this is another shout out right there.
Impressive things page.
OK.
And they only have seventy eight thousand dollars and they have two point or 4.2 million so you know
that that was a shout out.
So what do we do then go back to our list and then find them I'll just mark them down.
OK so this takes a little bit of time.
It just depends on how you list is a lot easier.
Just tell me like it has 100 followers does it it's not worth doing four hundred twelve hours doing
six Come on you can just delete these anyway because they're not really worth even trying to get in
a relationship with.
OK.
So the way that we go and try to do a shout out with some on kind of breaks down in a step by step process
to try one thing doesn't work then that's the next.
The first thing you do is you just email them.
Ok really set this up for doing shout out so I would just send them an email.
OK.
What exactly do you say.
And this works for pretty much all that is we cover on how to contact people.
It doesn't matter literally all you do is ask if they want to shout out and that's it.
They say ask for X and then answer your own message or you just say shout out a question mark do you
think that you could say how much for a shout out.
Questionmark that's it.
You don't need to write with them on this crappies beautiful whole you know replies.
They just want to get to business right.
They don't want to spend a lot of time figuring out their shadows because honestly they post a lot of
times per day so we just get rain.
They just spend all day negotiating with people and going to small talk just to get the point.
We say yes we're actually going to do it.
So you know the law.
OK I will try to follow up within probably two to three days.
That didn't work.
Who was the next option.
That's often seen in a direct message and you can't do this on the web version.
You have to actually go to the mobile version on a mobile version and we would go to technology Google
and I can message them right.
What would I say.
As far as OK if I said espress that means can you shout a shout.
Well they have 4 1 2 million viewers so unless you were in the millions that's probably not going to
happen.
And even if you had one million they still year you post four times they post one so probably not a
great idea.
Generally you're just going to ask them if they do pay ads because at this point that's really all you
can do.
I mean you cannot say a hundred thousand you have 15000 that you could actually negotiate with them
probably figure something out.
OK.
So Senator organisationally don't like that.
And then another one is a follow up.
They don't respond to that.
Then we have to move on to the third option and that is checking out one or two apps.
One is called Kick k what it's called telegram now using Aissa.
All business accounts on Instagram used to kick.
And it's kind of changed a little bit.
OK some of those still will list off.
Here's my kik address with their bio.
The message that.
Right.
But in this case you don't see that as often.
So it's either a kick or another one called Look around which is basically what's out.
I mean I don't really know what that Facebook Messenger telegram but it's pretty simple.
So I guess doing this is downloading it really quickly and then opening up and creating an account in
cash.
There are still a lot of people who use it to find out.
So what I do suggest is that when you set it up you'll go through a process set up exactly like your
Instagram account.
OK.
Put your logo right there put your name the same as whatever.
That's what other people do.
So then what I want to do is just search in here to see if they have it kick it out.
OK.
It was technology that's a hard one to tell but what I would use here plus you find people.
And then you just type in what you think their username might be.
So all we see if we have anybody that matches this username and I said name what does that look like.
No it doesn't.
OK.
So then we probably are kick off a list I guess we should say has the technology we can try to find
it online.
I said it also mentioned the other one was that we marked all the cows on the road and then we want
to see those MASH is MASH.
So it's back than no logos anyway so we look at their cow.
So there might be a chance that it's the same person because they have the exact same name to the tee
on both of them.
And then that in my head in their own logo.
But does it really matter.
Can just try to contact the ballet.
So you just hit start chat and then you ask them Do you want to do a shout out same thing that you can
find out all this as well.
Then that's when the telegram so this telegram I suggest you set it up the same exact way.
So in that telegram you actually just search your chance for whatever reason to search your contacts
and you contacts so you can get a chance to go search your time and see if you can find them all there.
So for example one of the ones we want preserve count calls science pure science.
You really write Plus we have a mash out you know the exact same name.
Science see that same logo again.
No they don't.
So we don't actually know what chance they are.
So we'll see.
We are here.
This is HIVers and the ghosts of stuff.
I'm going to say no it is not in English.
It's for some reason.
So that's a no.